README.md, before:

# Well met,
## Who
yorecode is a pseudonym, a pen name pun name.  Name is Brian, in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

## What
Thia will be a collection of repositories covering the art, science and craft of Computer Programming
with examples, along with details and commentary about various programming languages and Software
Development environments.  All within thick layers of bias and unabashed favouritisms.

## Where
While programming resources are now global in nature, the person behind this profile is englsh Canadian.
Most world views, ethics and morality that seep through here will be from an english Canadian perspective.

## When
Started programming in Z80 Assembler and TRS-80 Model I BASIC, back in the 1970s.  The study of programming
and programming languages have been a hobby ever since.  Always on the lookout for new ones to explore.

## Why
For the joy of it.

## How
Documentation writing and spewing of opinions.

# Coverage
## COBOL
Author of the GnuCOBOL FAQ.  A COBOL reference, with many program examples of integrating GnuCOBOL
with the myriad of other computing envvironments that the world places at our fingertips.

## C
GnuCOBOL is written in C.

## Python
Handy, and ubiquitous.

Microcontrollers are now powerful enough to run Micropython.

## Forth
All programmers should know a little bit about Forth is only to highlight the fact that there are different
ways of thinking about problems and solutions.

## REBOL and Red
All programmers should know about REBOL and Red.  A different way of thinking, wrapped in a jetpack.

## BASIC

## Tcl/Tk

## as many as will fit in the basket

# Jokes
## Lame jokes are the best jokes
What did Batman say to Robin, *just before they got in the car*?

"Robin, get in the car."

# Contact
yorecode@gmail.com

Commit message:

Forgot a few highlights that deserve to be in the README.md

README.md, after:

# Well met,
## Who
yorecode is a pseudonym, a pen name pun name.  Name is Brian, in Ottawa, Ontario, Canada.

## What
Thia will be a collection of repositories covering the art, science and craft of Computer Programming
with examples, along with details and commentary about various programming languages and Software
Development environments.  All within thick layers of bias and unabashed favouritisms.

## Where
While programming resources are now global in nature, the person behind this profile is englsh Canadian.
Most world views, ethics and morality that seep through here will be from an english Canadian perspective.

## When
Started programming in Z80 Assembler and TRS-80 Model I BASIC, back in the 1970s.  The study of programming
and programming languages have been a hobby ever since.  Always on the lookout for new ones to explore.

## Why
For the joy of it.

## How
Documentation writing and spewing of opinions.

----

# Coverage
## COBOL
Author of the GnuCOBOL FAQ.  A COBOL reference, with many program examples of integrating GnuCOBOL
with the myriad of other computing envvironments that the world places at our fingertips.

## C
GnuCOBOL is written in C.  Most of the internet is written in C.

## V
Feels smoother than C, with a much more modern take on developer's quality of life issues.

## Icon, Unicon
Power in the older compiler that is Icon, made more modern with the Unicon project.

## Python
Handy, and ubiquitous.

Microcontrollers are now powerful enough to run Micropython.

## Forth
All programmers should know a little bit about Forth is only to highlight the fact that there are different
ways of thinking about problems and solutions.

## REBOL and Red
All programmers should know about REBOL and Red.  A different way of thinking, wrapped in a jetpack.

## Arturo
A newer compiler being developed with hints of REBOL, Nim, Flutter.

## BASIC
In paricular, BaCon, the BASIC Converter.

## Tcl/Tk
Handy to know scripting environment, language and paradigm.

## ... as many as will fit in the basket

----

# Jokes
## Lame jokes are the best jokes
What did Batman say to Robin, *just before they got in the car*?

"Robin, get in the car."

----

# Contact
yorecode@gmail.com
